Disable Github comments for pipeline start/end events to reduce PR noise (#2110)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/repositorycrd.md

When you set the value of `comment_strategy` to `disable_all` it will not add any comment on the merge request for the start and the end of pipelinerun

> ## Disabling all comments for Pipelineruns on Github PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disabling all comments for Pipelineruns on GitHub PR
```

> ## Disabling all comments for Pipelineruns on GitHub PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disabling all comments for Pipelineruns in Pull Requests on GitHub Webhook setup.
```

> `comment_strategy` allows you to disable the comments on Github PR for a Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`comment_strategy` allows you to disable the comments on GitHub PR for a Repository
```

```yaml
spec:
  settings:
    github:
      comment_strategy: "disable_all"
```

> When you set the value of `comment_strategy` to `disable_all` it will not add any comment on the pull request for the start and the end of pipelinerun

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `comment_strategy` is set to `disable_all` Pipelines as Code will not create any comment on the pull request  for PipelineRun status.
```

docs should be in passive voice for example:
```
When you set the value of `comment_strategy` to `disable_all`  ===>>>  When `comment_strategy` is set to `disable_all`
```
